okay so a topic that kind of came up
here well live-streaming is basically
why do people meaning people in the
Western world regard English teachers in
Asia so negatively like why is this
judge that stereotype about English
teachers in Asia so negative now you are
an English teacher in Asia as of
yesterday you just quit well you just
finished your job and that work no we're
leaving China but like another guy for
example the Russian guy who's basically
replacing you at your job you're not
such bad people you're not such sure you
know I mean as I share with people the
other English teachers who also would be
going that the the woman from Belarus
from Eastern Europe I don't I must not
have the countess oh really it's really
negative there are a lot of YouTube
channels that kind of like what I was
even when we saw that video from cheeky
Oh Sam that was what he was kind of
reacting to was people having these
really really negative views yeah of you
know the kind of stereotype white man
chooses to I was going to teach English
they were very positive about it okay
they had a lot of examples of other
people who had done the same thing and
they thought it was a good experience
for them that's really interesting for
me to hear because I've never had
reactions like that that's really
interesting it's becoming maybe it's
because I'm from nowhere but is it
because the other people also had like
been through a degree in English
literature maybe is it maybe an
educational background thing or what
perhaps I mean maybe they think it's one
of the few things that I could do yeah
well no like when I suggested it to
another female vegan who is connected to
YouTube like that she take over my job
when I leave part of her answer was that
she just felt it was like beneath her
that it was like too low for her to be
to be a university level professor in
English that's what I do the all over
that's what it's again we just we just
finished the job we're leaving town
today
what do you when the airport lounge
right now in case you hadn't guess yeah
you know I'm looking somewhat in some
ways I can relate to that but sometimes
I can't it's like why do you think this
is such a low and despicable line of
work especially about teaching
university students in a university
classroom on a university campus like
why is that boys that's a bad so what I
was thinking I was just I was just like
spontaneously answering some comments
here
but I think part of it is just the
discomfort in Western culture and
discomfort generally was lack of
familiarity generally with people who
take on a job any job for reasons other
than money like when a job is about
money everyone understands us like your
dad works in the steel business it's not
cuz you love steel you know man just the
smell of that steel in the more that you
know no it's not because he's trying to
make the world a better place it's it's
about money and you know most of what
you know most lines of work aside from
the fine arts or something that's what
everyone's used to but I think you know
we should admit straight-up I mean I
said this yesterday I think we're
talking to one of the other professors I
said like why is this the only type of
teaching where the majority of teachers
are male not female yeah every other
category when people are not motivated
by money yes sometimes they're motivated
by sex sure a lot there are a lot of men
out here at all ages but like I don't
know 25 to 65 because some of them are
old man some of them are older men out
here teaching teaching motion china are
teaching motion East Asia generally and
sex is their main motive for it's one of
the motivations so maybe gender had
something to do with how I was regarded
people that I was going to become an
English teacher in China yeah I could
see that when they mentioned other
positive examples were they mentioning
women or they mentioning men there were
men that found wives so there you go so
that is probably the stereotype
somewhere in Asia right South Korea and
I think gee mr. Chae probably is a loser
loser who can't get laid in America goes
to Japan and can get laid in Japan and
that changes lives that's a huge factor
you know guys who weren't considered
tall or manly in America go to go to for
example Taiwan and now in Taiwan they're
considered relatively tall and manly or
somewhere like Laos or something you
know like in Laos it's a big deal they
can grow a beard you know like yeah
sorry that was true in Laos as we were
talking about with Canada Japan like
people yeah sure the exotic yeah the
almond is up right what but what I want
to point out is sex is not the only
motive when you get away from money
another motive is education like for
exam
you want to learn Chinese or you want to
learn Japanese or you're working on a
master's degree or like you're doing
research like in terms of your own
education those are major reasons to do
this major motivations to do this and
you know they do sense the only ones
that count - they're rewarding reasons
to do it right yeah I mean you know
beyond that there are some other motives
things from one is like a scape ism yes
I me know there are people who don't
want to deal with their life back in San
Francisco they don't want to deal with
their life back in I don't know Sydney
Australia so it's it is a way of running
away so it would definitely mean first
and foremost way we run away from your
own family like a lot of people come
from close-knit families and they don't
really want to put up with from
their brother their brother and their
cousin anymore let alone their parents
maybe their parents trying to control
their lives so if you get on that
airplane and sign that contract to go to
China Korea Japan maybe for the first
time in your life you really have some
distance from an overbearing extended
family but that's legit that's not a bad
reason to take this job there's a reason
to work on an oil well mister reason I
remember when I was a kid my dad said
that was a reason why guys became
long-distance truckers you know he said
a lotta men don't want to have a boss
and don't want to see their parents and
maybe don't even want to see their wives
that often you know like they want they
want to be alone so I don't know
compared to being a long-haul trucker
items better worse maybe that job anyway
but being a long-haul trucker is about
is about money for sure I mean nobody's
doing it for four reasons other than
money so that's not such a great
comparison well yet distance escapism
those things those are those are
definitely factors yeah anything else
why else would someone did this job I
guess I guess the Chernobyl funk show
I guess the lifestyle yeah depends on
where you're from right yeah I know a
couple people that I went to college
with that have become English teachers
and I in Asia I think it's generally
because of what they studied find a job
so just as a way of getting out of a
dead-end university right yeah well we
will see because again the basic premise
here is that the money is not worth it
which I really believe I'm really being
sincere when I say that but no matter
how pathetic your BA is you can
literally earn more money working at
Starbucks in America then teaching
English and China even the highest level
yeah and the exceptions to that are
where you run around you know you start
your own business and buy your own
motorcycle and go from gig to gig all
day you know you know but sure it as a
general rule you're gonna be less
earning less here than you earn working
full-time so yeah I don't know I mean
you got you got someone thinking I think
she I she cried she was kind of motive
thank you for teaching her kid right I
taught university age dude so my
students are 2021 but she taught
children so you know that's a VIP well
you work at Starbucks you're never gonna
get that kind of positive you know
nobody's gonna appreciate you that way
Cheers so yeah it's interesting but I
mean definitely I feel like with in
Chinese culture this attention because
traditionally people had so much respect
for the teacher being a teacher was a
highly esteemed station you know in life
and now you know this is this kind of
slightly despised demi-monde of these
weird foreigners who come over here and
fill this gap in the society and the
economy gap in the education system and
who are mostly not respected who are
mostly despised you said that your
fellow professors and maybe other people
that knew the university professors word
kind of surprised by how much how
respectful you were I said that they
probably had a bad experience with the
former English teachers yes that's right
yeah and they kept saying they kept
saying to me sincerely oh wow your
Chinese is amazing my ability to speak
Chinese and my Chinese handwriting who
their mother like all your Chinese Anna
is unbelievable and I was just thinking
like how lower your standards like I'm a
university professor in China I should
be able to speak Chinese I should be
able to read him write China you know
what I mean yeah so yeah yeah and I show
up wearing a suit and stuff you know
yeah yes I don't know I know what they
were what they were used to but I mean
in general in the whole world that I
know of maybe Germany's an exception
like maybe a few places in Europe an
exception but I think the concept of
being an intellectual is
really weak like globally and similarly
what does it mean to be a man of letters
what does it mean to be a man who cares
about history and books and whatever
sure whatever it is many you there are
many ways to be intellectual like it
does you know in my case is political
but for some people it is gonna be like
poetry or something but you know I think
the dignity of being a teacher is gonna
rest on or has to rest on you know the
idea that being well my mom would call a
knowledge worker she always uses that
sir I never use it
Azumi in yeah but being someone who
cares about ideas and knowledge
education if you don't have that kind of
I don't know sub-basement set down the
culture then what kind of respect you're
gonna have for people across the ocean
to educate your children or to educate
grown adults and university under this
banner and who knows what their motives
are you got to ask them on a
case-by-case basis but for sure their
motivations are not money